https://www.altosoftware.co.uk

Built for UK Property Managers Who Need - More Time, Fewer Headaches, and Happier Landlords

Managing a growing portfolio?
Alto is the all-in-one platform built for UK property managers. Automate rent reminders, stay compliant, and save hours every week — all while delivering a better service to your landlords.

---

https://www.arthuronline.co.uk/

integrate with thousands of apps

Everything you use, connected. Effortlessly integrate with a full suite of market leading online tools.


Property manager

You're in the driver's seat

Manage your portfolio whenever, wherever. Access key data and complete business-vital tasks, no matter the time or place.
user-type-tenant
Occupant

Keep tenants in the loop

Give occupiers the tools to report maintenance issues, sign documents, and stay on track with rent payments.
user-type-contractor
Contractor

Everything they need to get the job done

Grant contractors access to all the information they'll need to complete the job.
user-type-owner
Property owner

A viewing gallery for peace of mind

Regular updates and transparent communications give property owners the confidence their assets are being well managed.

-----

https://www.buildium.com/

Success Is a Choice

Choose the property management software that powers you to do more than just manage properties.


----

https://gremeinvestmentltd.co.ke/about-us/

About US


OUR COMPANY
Greme Limited is a real estate firm that provides facilities management,agency and consultancy services for residential and commercial properties. The full scope of our services encompasses feasibility and market analysis,letting and selling as well as property advisory services. With more than seven years in the industry, Greme has a multidiscplinary professional team committed to applying innovative and proven strategies to create sound solutions to every day real estate challenges. We offer outstanding customer service and care to provide complete and tailored property management services to our clients. our staff are equipped with the appropriate tools, have the expertise and experience to deliver efficient services. At Greme Investment, we value our Landlords and respect our tenants.
OUR MISSION
To set the standard for the best proffesional property management in Kenya.
Our Vision
To provide an all-inclusive property related services to our clients in serene environment that ensures they are satisfied financially as well as socially.

---


Maximum Occupancy

Become fully digital with automated tenant onboarding. Get the best tenants faster and have agreements & handover protocols signed with exactly 3 clicks! Digital signing, first invoices, deposit management, and welcome emails are automated.
Invoices Sent

With Bidrento, all your invoices are automatically sent out, tracked, and sent to your accounting. Invoices for rent, utilities, and extra services. Advanced cost allocation, rent indexation, temporary price changes, and discounts are done with ease.
Money Received

Get paid faster and on time from tenants. All payments are matched with the right invoices and synced with your accounting. Deposits and prepayments are handled, penalties are calculated, and debt management is done. Reminders are sent out automatically.
Happy Tenants

The Bidrento Tenant app ensures a great experience for your tenants, providing answers and access to everything they need while occupying your spaces. They can pay their bills, order additional services, submit maintenance requests, and know their consumption and CO2 footprint.
Single Source of Truth

Discover the convenience of a unified database. Bidrento consolidates essential documents - invoices, agreements, meter readings - in one secure location. Say goodbye to misplaced files and incomplete documentation. All data is up to date, and reports are always available.


Building Maintenance

Building maintenance is completed on time, and all documentation is stored and available anytime. Bidrento will automatically create a future maintenance plan, and after the service provider completes their task, all documentation and feedback will be stored.


Happy Team

Bidrento is an easy-to-use system with extensive automation. All team members and departments stay up to date with modern, flexible tools. They call it AI - we call it Bidrento.

---

https://www.nyumbazetu.com/

Manage your portfolio on one platform
Easily manage your properties from anywhere

Automate rent collection, effortlessly send invoices and announcements to tenants, pay your employees and vendors, manage maintenance requests, securely store files, and generate reports for unparalleled organization like never before. 

QuickBooks Integration
Seamless Sync for Accurate Accounting 

WhatsApp ChatBot
Streamline Communications with Our AI-Powered Chatbot
WhatsApp ChatBot

Let your tenants handle billing inquiries, maintenance requests, and updates directly via WhatsApp — no manual intervention required. Our AI Chatbot is always on, always polite, and always efficient.

Keep your tenant WhatsApp groups fun and informal. Jokes, memes, and weekend plans belong there. Leave the serious stuff to our chatbot. 

ETIMS Integration
Effortless Tax Compliance with KRA ETIMS
ETIMS Integration

Stay compliant with KRA's Electronic Tax Invoice Management System (ETIMS) without changing your workflow. Our platform automates invoice generation and e-invoice transmission to the KRA in real time.

From rent invoices to service charges, every taxable transaction can be automatically synced with ETIMS, ensuring your tax obligations are met with minimal manual effort — and zero risk of non-compliance. 

Built on transparency and accountability

Our system simplifies invoicing and payments with seamless integration of multiple channels, including local banks. You can easily check your bills and make payments using our App or WhatsApp chatbot.

No more payment screenshots, Excel headaches, or paperwork nightmares. 

----

https://www.eazzyrent.com/property-management-software

All your real estate operations in one software

We know real estate business is complex and involving. EazzyRent property management system brings professionalism, efficiency and peace of mind to your business.

Online based
You can access the system from anywhere, any time and using any browser based device. Centralize your operations on a cloud platform that can scale as your business grows.
Secure
Our hardware and performance testing, 24/7 system monitoring combined with stringent security measures ensure downtime is minimized and your data is always safe.
Recurrent Tasks
Don't sweat the small stuff. EazzyRent will automate all your recurrent tasks such as invoicing, unit rates adjustments, reminders and receipting of payments.
Online Rent Processing
Collect rent faster by taking advantage of integrations to your paybill and bank accounts. Rent is received automatically and receipt sent to the tenant via sms and email in real time.
Bulk sms & Email
Communicate with tenants, landlords, staff members and other stake holders. Send receipts, invoices, statements and reminders.
Debt Control
EazzyRent provides you with tools to keep an eye on your tenants debt levels such as reminders, demand notes, quit notice and a workflow to assign debt recovery tasks to different stake holders.
Landlord Statements
Prepare landlord statements for the month at the click of a button. Capture expenses such as repairs, advance payments, loans, your management commission and see them reflect in the statement.
Accounts
Have a clear view of the health of your business without having to worry if the books are in order. Your transactions will be posted accurately and in real time to correct ledgers.
Document Management
Spend less time on paper work. The system will auto generate lease documents, demand letters, quit notice among other document. Backup your documents by uploading them in the system.
Marketing
We advertise your vacant units on eazzyrent.com and remove them when occupied. Unlock the full potential of your business through analytics and insights.
Reports
Get a snapshot of what is happening through charts and graphs. Narrow information to what you specifically need from a wide array of available reports.
Support
Get support when you need it. We provide you with multiple support channels such as phone calls, email, QA and chat to keep your business moving.
