listings
SEO
hyperlocal [google search - kitengela, kenya]
chat with insights [rather than looking at dashboards for hours to uncover insights, just chat]
automation [ETIMs, quickbooks]
	Seamless Sync for Accurate Accounting 
	Streamline Communications with Our AI-Powered WhatsApp ChatBot
	Effortless Tax Compliance with KRA ETIMS
	Our system simplifies invoicing and payments with seamless integration of multiple channels, including local banks. You can easily check your bills and make payments using our App or WhatsApp chatbot.

[tenant experience]
---


Online based
You can access the system from anywhere, any time and using any browser based device. Centralize your operations on a cloud platform that can scale as your business grows.

Secure
Our hardware and performance testing, 24/7 system monitoring combined with stringent security measures ensure downtime is minimized and your data is always safe.

Recurrent Tasks
Don't sweat the small stuff. EazzyRent will automate all your recurrent tasks such as invoicing, unit rates adjustments, reminders and receipting of payments.

Online Rent Processing
Collect rent faster by taking advantage of integrations to your paybill and bank accounts. Rent is received automatically and receipt sent to the tenant via sms and email in real time.

Bulk sms & Email
Communicate with tenants, landlords, staff members and other stake holders. Send receipts, invoices, statements and reminders.

Debt Control
EazzyRent provides you with tools to keep an eye on your tenants debt levels such as reminders, demand notes, quit notice and a workflow to assign debt recovery tasks to different stake holders.

Landlord Statements
Prepare landlord statements for the month at the click of a button. Capture expenses such as repairs, advance payments, loans, your management commission and see them reflect in the statement.

Accounts
Have a clear view of the health of your business without having to worry if the books are in order. Your transactions will be posted accurately and in real time to correct ledgers.

Document Management
Spend less time on paper work. The system will auto generate lease documents, demand letters, quit notice among other document. Backup your documents by uploading them in the system.

Marketing
We advertise your vacant units on eazzyrent.com and remove them when occupied. Unlock the full potential of your business through analytics and insights.

Reports
Get a snapshot of what is happening through charts and graphs. Narrow information to what you specifically need from a wide array of available reports.

Support
Get support when you need it. We provide you with multiple support channels such as phone calls, email, QA and chat to keep your business moving.


---

Tenants can:
	View their lease
	Pay rent
	See utility bills
		water billing
		garbage collection
	Receive reminders
	Report maintenance issues
	Sign contracts electronically
		Electronic lease signing
		Document storage
		Renewal workflows


Landlords / managers can:
	Track rent payments
		Rent collection
		Utilities
		Late-fee automation
		WeChat Pay integration

	Send mass notices
	Manage leases
		Unit details
		Lease start/end dates
		Renewal reminders

	Monitor occupancy
	Automate reminders
		Push notifications
		Rent due alerts
		Maintenance updates

---
